Do birds know where they're going when they fly south for the winter or do they just wing it every time?
What do you get when you cross a snake and a plane? A Boeing Constrictor.
I've just read a book about a bean growing up in Southern USA. It's called The Adventures of Tom Soya.
I've been trying to come up with a joke about a Mobius strip but I don't know where to begin.
The tarantula found his partner online. He spider on the web.
My dentist would simply not stop working on my teeth. He was abscessive compulsive.
The termite wanted to lose weight, so he started eating more lattice.
The wise old man is long in the truth.
When the plant couldn't absorb water properly he sought a xylem.
A mosquito is the oldest known skin-diver.
I like vegetables, but my friend doesn't carrot call.
Does my great new smile denture ego?
The home for rich squirrels is The Nutcracker Suite.
I'm reading a book about mazes, I got lost in it.
My blind date's not looking good.
What's the best way to serve a stack of puncakes? Syruptitiously.
The best street for locating a gas station is Fillmore Avenue.
The sledder who got injured realized that his wounds were more than he tobogganed for.
A new computer shop has just opened up. It is located on Boot Drive.
My computer's mouse wouldn't work. Then it clicked.
When Australian sheep get lost, they bleat around the bush.
A plumber's pipe dream was to tap all his resources to become multifauceted.
My friend brought me a Swedish cake. I later discovered it was Stollen.
The constables held the boat thief at bay.
On Valentine's Day flower prices rose to the occasion.
Earl Grey was away on business during the election. So he cast an absent-tea ballot.
People might think I'm a bit of a square, but that just means I'm exactly right on every angle.
If you make candles you are going to need a lot of paraffin-alia.
An avionics warning is a flier alarm.
Digest is morbid humor.
The boxer wasn't a good comedian. He can't find the right hook.
The trout got caught by the fisherman. Now he's in a boatload of trouble.
The magazine's rationale for running the story was paper thin.
I refuse to work with compost, it's degrading.
I got a job with a company that manufactures trampolines. Now I'll have something to fall back on.
I held the door for a mime the other day, I thought it was a nice gesture.
What do you call a pig in a rickshaw? Pulled pork.
Steve was such a great con man that he made millions by selling his book 'The Path to Logical Lying'.
A German vegetarian drives a Volks Vegan.
The farmer was surprised when his pumpkin won a blue ribbon at the State Fair. He shouted, 'Oh, my gourd.'
wolf tried to sing, but he didn't know howl.
I read a poem about wind, it was a blast!
What do hedgehogs eat for breakfast? Prickled eggs.
An embrace at a nudist colony is a bare hug.
Textile workers who lived at the manufacturing site in fabricated dwellings were closely knitted.
The lumberjack loved his new computer. He especially enjoyed logging in.
I don't use too much wine in making charosis for Passover, lest I get charosis of the liver.
I'm reading a book about black holes by Stephen Hawking, it really draws you in.
My wife wanted me to take her to visit Northern Canada but I was having Nunavut!
A bunch of robins followed the priest wherever he went. Birds of a father flock together.